<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
<!-- Code generated by terraform-docs. DO NOT EDIT. -->
# terraform-azure-avm-utl-netword-virtualnetwork-azapi-replicator

This is a Terraform module that replicates `azurerm_virtual_network` functionality from the AzureRM provider to the AzAPI provider. It systematically converts each field, validation, and behavior from the AzureRM provider's Go source code into equivalent AzAPI resource configurations using Terraform locals and variables. The module ensures exact behavioral parity by replicating all provider-level logic including validations, defaults, ForceNew triggers, sensitive field handling, and post-creation operations that would otherwise be lost when migrating from `azurerm_*` resources to `azapi_resource` blocks.

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 -->
## Requirements

The following requirements are needed by this module:

- <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) (>= 1.9, < 2.0)

- <a name="requirement_azapi"></a> [azapi](#requirement\_azapi) (~> 2.4)

- <a name="requirement_modtm"></a> [modtm](#requirement\_modtm) (~> 0.3)

- <a name="requirement_random"></a> [random](#requirement\_random) (~> 3.5)

## Resources

The following resources are used by this module:

- [modtm_telemetry.telemetry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/azure/modtm/latest/docs/resources/telemetry) (resource)
- [random_uuid.telemetry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/random/latest/docs/resources/uuid) (resource)
- [azapi_client_config.telemetry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/data-sources/client_config) (data source)
- [azapi_resource.existing](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/data-sources/resource) (data source)
- [modtm_module_source.telemetry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/azure/modtm/latest/docs/data-sources/module_source) (data source)

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD013 -->
## Required Inputs

The following input variables are required:

### <a name="input_location"></a> [location](#input\_location)

Description: (Required) The location/region where the virtual network is created. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name)

Description: (Required) The name of the virtual network. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_resource_group_id"></a> [resource\_group\_id](#input\_resource\_group\_id)

Description: The resource ID of the resource group where the virtual network will be created. Required for azapi\_resource parent\_id.

Type: `string`

## Optional Inputs

The following input variables are optional (have default values):

### <a name="input_address_space"></a> [address\_space](#input\_address\_space)

Description: (Optional) The address space that is used the virtual network. You can supply more than one address space.

Type: `set(string)`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_bgp_community"></a> [bgp\_community](#input\_bgp\_community)

Description: (Optional) The BGP community attribute in format `<as-number>:<community-value>`.

Type: `string`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_ddos_protection_plan"></a> [ddos\_protection\_plan](#input\_ddos\_protection\_plan)

Description: - `enable` - (Required) Enable/disable DDoS Protection Plan on Virtual Network.
- `id` - (Required) The ID of DDoS Protection Plan.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    enable = bool
    id     = string
  })
```

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_dns_servers"></a> [dns\_servers](#input\_dns\_servers)

Description: (Optional) List of IP addresses of DNS servers

Type: `list(string)`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_edge_zone"></a> [edge\_zone](#input\_edge\_zone)

Description: (Optional) Specifies the Edge Zone within the Azure Region where this Virtual Network should exist. Changing this forces a new Virtual Network to be created.

Type: `string`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_enable_telemetry"></a> [enable\_telemetry](#input\_enable\_telemetry)

Description: This variable controls whether or not telemetry is enabled for the module.  
For more information see <https://aka.ms/avm/telemetryinfo>.  
If it is set to false, then no telemetry will be collected.

Type: `bool`

Default: `true`

### <a name="input_encryption"></a> [encryption](#input\_encryption)

Description: - `enforcement` - (Required) Specifies if the encrypted Virtual Network allows VM that does not support encryption. Possible values are `DropUnencrypted` and `AllowUnencrypted`.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    enforcement = string
  })
```

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_flow_timeout_in_minutes"></a> [flow\_timeout\_in\_minutes](#input\_flow\_timeout\_in\_minutes)

Description: (Optional) The flow timeout in minutes for the Virtual Network, which is used to enable connection tracking for intra-VM flows. Possible values are between `4` and `30` minutes.

Type: `number`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_ip_address_pool"></a> [ip\_address\_pool](#input\_ip\_address\_pool)

Description: - `id` - (Required) The ID of the Network Manager IP Address Management (IPAM) Pool.
- `number_of_ip_addresses` - (Required) The number of IP addresses to allocated to the Virtual Network. The value must be a string that represents a positive number, e.g., `"100"`.

Type:

```hcl
list(object({
    id                     = string
    number_of_ip_addresses = string
  }))
```

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_private_endpoint_vnet_policies"></a> [private\_endpoint\_vnet\_policies](#input\_private\_endpoint\_vnet\_policies)

Description: (Optional) The Private Endpoint VNet Policies for the Virtual Network. Possible values are `Disabled` and `Basic`. Defaults to `Disabled`.

Type: `string`

Default: `"Disabled"`

### <a name="input_subnet"></a> [subnet](#input\_subnet)

Description: - `address_prefixes` - (Required) The address prefixes to use for the subnet.
- `default_outbound_access_enabled` - (Optional) Enable default outbound access to the internet for the subnet. Defaults to `true`.
- `id` -
- `name` - (Required) The name of the subnet.
- `private_endpoint_network_policies` - (Optional) Enable or Disable network policies for the private endpoint on the subnet. Possible values are `Disabled`, `Enabled`, `NetworkSecurityGroupEnabled` and `RouteTableEnabled`. Defaults to `Disabled`.
- `private_link_service_network_policies_enabled` - (Optional) Enable or Disable network policies for the private link service on the subnet. Defaults to `true`.
- `route_table_id` - (Optional) The ID of the Route Table that should be associated with this subnet.
- `security_group` - (Optional) The Network Security Group to associate with the subnet. (Referenced by `id`, i.e. `azurerm_network_security_group.example.id`)
- `service_endpoint_policy_ids` - (Optional) The list of IDs of Service Endpoint Policies to associate with the subnet.
- `service_endpoints` - (Optional) The list of Service endpoints to associate with the subnet. Possible values include: `Microsoft.AzureActiveDirectory`, `Microsoft.AzureCosmosDB`, `Microsoft.ContainerRegistry`, `Microsoft.EventHub`, `Microsoft.KeyVault`, `Microsoft.ServiceBus`, `Microsoft.Sql`, `Microsoft.Storage`, `Microsoft.Storage.Global` and `Microsoft.Web`.

---
`delegation` block supports the following:
- `name` - (Required) A name for this delegation.

---
`service_delegation` block supports the following:
- `actions` - (Optional) A list of Actions which should be delegated. This list is specific to the service to delegate to. Possible values are `Microsoft.Network/networkinterfaces/*`, `Microsoft.Network/publicIPAddresses/join/action`, `Microsoft.Network/publicIPAddresses/read`, `Microsoft.Network/virtualNetworks/read`, `Microsoft.Network/virtualNetworks/subnets/action`, `Microsoft.Network/virtualNetworks/subnets/join/action`, `Microsoft.Network/virtualNetworks/subnets/prepareNetworkPolicies/action`, and `Microsoft.Network/virtualNetworks/subnets/unprepareNetworkPolicies/action`.
- `name` - (Required) The name of service to delegate to. Possible values are `GitHub.Network/networkSettings`, `Informatica.DataManagement/organizations`, `Microsoft.ApiManagement/service`, `Microsoft.Apollo/npu`, `Microsoft.App/environments`, `Microsoft.App/testClients`, `Microsoft.AVS/PrivateClouds`, `Microsoft.AzureCosmosDB/clusters`, `Microsoft.BareMetal/AzureHostedService`, `Microsoft.BareMetal/AzureHPC`, `Microsoft.BareMetal/AzurePaymentHSM`, `Microsoft.BareMetal/AzureVMware`, `Microsoft.BareMetal/CrayServers`, `Microsoft.BareMetal/MonitoringServers`, `Microsoft.Batch/batchAccounts`, `Microsoft.CloudTest/hostedpools`, `Microsoft.CloudTest/images`, `Microsoft.CloudTest/pools`, `Microsoft.Codespaces/plans`, `Microsoft.ContainerInstance/containerGroups`, `Microsoft.ContainerService/managedClusters`, `Microsoft.ContainerService/TestClients`, `Microsoft.Databricks/workspaces`, `Microsoft.DBforMySQL/flexibleServers`, `Microsoft.DBforMySQL/servers`, `Microsoft.DBforMySQL/serversv2`, `Microsoft.DBforPostgreSQL/flexibleServers`, `Microsoft.DBforPostgreSQL/serversv2`, `Microsoft.DBforPostgreSQL/singleServers`, `Microsoft.DelegatedNetwork/controller`, `Microsoft.DevCenter/networkConnection`, `Microsoft.DevOpsInfrastructure/pools`, `Microsoft.DocumentDB/cassandraClusters`, `Microsoft.Fidalgo/networkSettings`, `Microsoft.HardwareSecurityModules/dedicatedHSMs`, `Microsoft.Kusto/clusters`, `Microsoft.LabServices/labplans`, `Microsoft.Logic/integrationServiceEnvironments`, `Microsoft.MachineLearningServices/workspaces`, `Microsoft.Netapp/volumes`, `Microsoft.Network/applicationGateways`, `Microsoft.Network/dnsResolvers`, `Microsoft.Network/managedResolvers`, `Microsoft.Network/fpgaNetworkInterfaces`, `Microsoft.Network/networkWatchers.`, `Microsoft.Network/virtualNetworkGateways`, `Microsoft.Orbital/orbitalGateways`, `Microsoft.PowerAutomate/hostedRpa`, `Microsoft.PowerPlatform/enterprisePolicies`, `Microsoft.PowerPlatform/vnetaccesslinks`, `Microsoft.ServiceFabricMesh/networks`, `Microsoft.ServiceNetworking/trafficControllers`, `Microsoft.Singularity/accounts/networks`, `Microsoft.Singularity/accounts/npu`, `Microsoft.Sql/managedInstances`, `Microsoft.Sql/managedInstancesOnebox`, `Microsoft.Sql/managedInstancesStage`, `Microsoft.Sql/managedInstancesTest`, `Microsoft.Sql/servers`, `Microsoft.StoragePool/diskPools`, `Microsoft.StreamAnalytics/streamingJobs`, `Microsoft.Synapse/workspaces`, `Microsoft.Web/hostingEnvironments`, `Microsoft.Web/serverFarms`, `NGINX.NGINXPLUS/nginxDeployments`, `PaloAltoNetworks.Cloudngfw/firewalls`, `Qumulo.Storage/fileSystems`, and `Oracle.Database/networkAttachments`.

Type:

```hcl
set(object({
    address_prefixes                              = list(string)
    default_outbound_access_enabled               = optional(bool, true)
    id                                            = string
    name                                          = string
    private_endpoint_network_policies             = optional(string, "Disabled")
    private_link_service_network_policies_enabled = bool
    route_table_id                                = string
    security_group                                = string
    service_endpoint_policy_ids                   = set(string)
    service_endpoints                             = set(string)
    delegation = list(object({
      name = string
      service_delegation = list(object({
        actions = set(string)
        name    = string
      }))
    }))
  }))
```

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags)

Description: (Optional) A mapping of tags to assign to the resource.

Type: `map(string)`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_timeouts"></a> [timeouts](#input\_timeouts)

Description: - `create` - (Optional) Specifies the timeout for create operations. Defaults to 30 minutes.
- `delete` - (Optional) Specifies the timeout for delete operations. Defaults to 30 minutes.
- `read` - (Optional) Specifies the timeout for read operations. Defaults to 5 minutes.
- `update` - (Optional) Specifies the timeout for update operations. Defaults to 30 minutes.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    create = optional(string, "30m")
    delete = optional(string, "30m")
    read   = optional(string, "5m")
    update = optional(string, "30m")
  })
```

Default:

```json
{
  "create": "30m",
  "delete": "30m",
  "read": "5m",
  "update": "30m"
}
```

## Outputs

The following outputs are exported:

### <a name="output_azapi_header"></a> [azapi\_header](#output\_azapi\_header)

Description: Post-operation outputs (add as needed by Type 5 tasks) output "post\_creation0" { value = local.post\_creation0 } output "post\_creation0\_sensitive\_body" { value = local.post\_creation0\_sensitive\_body; sensitive = true } output "post\_update1" { value = local.post\_update1 } output "post\_update1\_sensitive\_body" { value = local.post\_update1\_sensitive\_body; sensitive = true } output "post\_update2" { value = local.post\_update2 } output "post\_update2\_sensitive\_body" { value = local.post\_update2\_sensitive\_body; sensitive = true }

### <a name="output_body"></a> [body](#output\_body)

Description: n/a

### <a name="output_locks"></a> [locks](#output\_locks)

Description: n/a

### <a name="output_replace_triggers_external_values"></a> [replace\_triggers\_external\_values](#output\_replace\_triggers\_external\_values)

Description: n/a

### <a name="output_retry"></a> [retry](#output\_retry)

Description: n/a

### <a name="output_sensitive_body"></a> [sensitive\_body](#output\_sensitive\_body)

Description: n/a

### <a name="output_sensitive_body_version"></a> [sensitive\_body\_version](#output\_sensitive\_body\_version)

Description: n/a

### <a name="output_timeouts"></a> [timeouts](#output\_timeouts)

Description: n/a

## Modules

No modules.

<!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line MD041 -->
## Data Collection

The software may collect information about you and your use of the software and send it to Microsoft. Microsoft may use this information to provide services and improve our products and services. You may turn off the telemetry as described in the repository. There are also some features in the software that may enable you and Microsoft to collect data from users of your applications. If you use these features, you must comply with applicable law, including providing appropriate notices to users of your applications together with a copy of Microsoft’s privacy statement. Our privacy statement is located at <https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=824704>. You can learn more about data collection and use in the help documentation and our privacy statement. Your use of the software operates as your consent to these practices.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->